_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: #<a href='http://cstar.whu.edu.cn'>CSTAR Team</a> @ <a href='http://cs.whu.edu.cn'>School of Computer Science</a>, <a href='https://www.whu.edu.cn'>Wuhan Univeristy</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: avatar.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Ph.D. Student, </p>
    <p>CASTLE Research Group, </p>
    <p>Dept. of CSE, HKUST, </p>
    <p>Hong Kong SAR, China</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hello~ I am Songqiang Chen, currently a PhD student supervised by [Prof. Shing-Chi Cheung](https://cse.hkust.edu.hk/~scc/) in the [Department of Computer Science & Engineering](https://cse.hkust.edu.hk) and the [CASTLE research group](http://castle.cse.ust.hk) at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China. Previously, I had a wonderful time and obtained my bachelor's and master's degree under the supervision of [Prof. Xiaoyuan Xie](https://xiaoyuanxie.github.io) in the [School of Computer Science](http://cs.whu.edu.cn) and [Centre of Software Testing, Analysis and Reliability (CSTAR Group)](http://cstar.whu.edu.cn) at Wuhan University, China.

My research interests include both *AI4SE* and *SE4AI*. More specifically, I devise deep learning (including the hot LLM)-driven techniques to facilitate intelligent software engineering (for code, document, etc). Meanwhile, I explore efficient and systematic interesting testing techniques (mainly based on Metamorphic Testing) for intelligent software (e.g., deep learning applications, question answering software, autonomous driving systems, translators, etc.), where I particularly value testing efficiency and diversity. 

So far, I have published papers in a few SE/CS top conferences (ESEC/FSE, ASE, etc.) and journals (IEEE TR, IEEE TGRS, etc.). It is a great honor for me to win the *ACM Distinguished Paper Award* at ASE'21 and ASE'22.

Besides research, I am quite interested in and good at device/software environment setup & maintenance :smile:. And I used to be a contestant of Olympic Information (similar to ACM) and a part-time junior coach of it. 

<center>🧧 May I Wish You Happy New Year 2024! 🧧</center>

Commit message:

CSQ: index remove new year; about change avatar + refine intro; bib add tosem24wcmtmt + issta24fastlog.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: #<a href='http://cstar.whu.edu.cn'>CSTAR Team</a> @ <a href='http://cs.whu.edu.cn'>School of Computer Science</a>, <a href='https://www.whu.edu.cn'>Wuhan Univeristy</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: avatar.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Ph.D. Student, </p>
    <p>CASTLE Research Group, </p>
    <p>Dept. of CSE, HKUST, </p>
    <p>Hong Kong SAR, China</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi, I am Songqiang, currently a PhD student supervised by [Prof. Shing-Chi Cheung](https://cse.hkust.edu.hk/~scc/) in the [Department of Computer Science & Engineering](https://cse.hkust.edu.hk) and the [CASTLE research group](http://castle.cse.ust.hk) at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China. Previously, I had a wonderful time and obtained my bachelor's & master's degrees under the supervision of [Prof. Xiaoyuan Xie](https://xiaoyuanxie.github.io) in the [School of Computer Science](http://cs.whu.edu.cn) and [Centre of Software Testing, Analysis and Reliability (CSTAR Group)](http://cstar.whu.edu.cn) at Wuhan University, China.

My research interests include both *AI4SE* and *SE4AI*. More specifically, I devise deep learning (including the hot LLM)-driven techniques to facilitate intelligent software engineering (for code, document, etc). Meanwhile, I explore efficient and systematic interesting testing techniques (mainly based on Metamorphic Testing) for intelligent software (e.g., deep learning applications, question answering software, autonomous driving systems, translators, etc.), where I particularly value testing efficiency and adequacy. 

I have published papers in a few SE/CS top-tier conferences (FSE, ASE, ISSTA, etc.) and journals (ACM TOSEM, IEEE TR, etc.). It is a great honor for me to win two *ACM Distinguished Paper Award 🏆* at ASE'21 and ASE'22.

Besides research, I am quite interested in and good at device/software environment setup & maintenance :smile:. And I used to be a contestant of Olympic Information (similar to ACM) and a part-time junior coach of it.
